I want to build an app for trading that has the following features.
1. The app will provide copy trading to different trading accounts. I plan on making the platform for those using forex propfirms like FTMO, 5ers etc. No futures and stocks. So for example if I have 5 propfirm accounts and I would like to copy trade between them, This app would perform that. Maybe using a master slave account technique
2. The app should have risk management and emotional management tools. For example There should be good percentage based and lot size calculators etc.. Also there should be a restrictive mechanism to help traders manage the emotional side. E.g Only being allowed to make a certain amount of trades per day, only using certain amount of % risk per trade etc.. This is to avoid the trader going through the overleveraging and revenge trading path. The user should be able to choose and once they choose their decision should be binding. That way they just can turn it off, and also they cant go to the parent platform like metatrader or ctrader and turn of the functionality there. Maybe incase of emergency there should be a way for the trader to contact support so that they can have their settings changes with valid reason.
3. The app should have proper journaling mechanism. Screenshots of every trade, Ability to take notes on every trade, win rate etc... This will help the trader to be able to do extensive analysis on their trades and also identify patterns etc.. 
4. The app should have a dashboard where it should be able to show all the propfirms that the user has added, the total capital, the profit they are up for the month, and other important metrics
5. We will be getting access to the trading accounts (Which for prop firms mostly will be demo accounts) using the different apis of the different platforms. The main ones include meta-api for metatrader, the ctrader api (or whatever api is there for ctrader) mmatch trader api(or whatever api is there for match trader), tradelocker api(or whatever api is there for tradelocker). Ideally these should be free to use since most propfirm accounts are demo but I would like you to do extensive research on this and see how we can achieve this and how we can make sure that the copy trading between the accounts is seemless and excecutes immediately. 
If I choose to risk one percent risk for example, the lot size calculations should reflect across all the accounts regardless of account size.
There should be a chart showcasing the different instruments. It should use free real time data that is available for use on the internet mainly for forex and metals like gold etc.. Also do extensive research on how we can do this and how we can make it such that the user is able to place the trade on the chart and manage it and still be able to see it below (profit and loss etc..).
Also there should be a mechanism to not allow prop firms that don't allow copy trading. Maybe I can have a place as the admin where I can keep a list or record of propfirms that allow copy trading and those that don't allow. This way when a user inputs a propfirm that does not allow copy trading we can alert the user and in doing so also make sure we are not breaking any terms of some of these propfirms. 
Latency is a crucial component of the app and is something that should be considered seriously.
Make sure the ui is modern elegant and simple.

I plan to use nextjs with app router. For db we can use postgres with drizzle. For auth we can use next-auth. For payment subscriptions we can use lemon squeezy. Find out any other trading tools as well that we can use and incorporate in the application.
App should have a blog section which can also house some free tools and such
App should be seo friendly 

